it understand everything about you, in the context of how you use gpt all at
once, from anywhere and everywhere.


Imagine you had the option while using chatGPT to get the 10 most perfect
search results online for the topics you were asking about. Not just search
results but also youtube links. things that can maybe back up its responce and
give you good insight when you are looking for things like responses from real
people. You can even just use it as something on top of a search engine that
helps you understand the information you are actually looking for. In other
words making sure you understand the answer and the question before you start
actaully trying to google seasrch. 

this is an improvement over the regular way of search right now because the old
way of doing search before gpt is that you iterate search querys into google
until you get closer to understanding why you are wrong given small hints and
context clues and understanding what you are missing. gpt queries are kind of
the opposite of that you fill in the information that you dont understand until
you educate yourself to understand the answer. But sometimes in the peak of
that understanding of your question I would appreciate a google check
especially if there is a way to craft a small amount links that are all super
relevent and helpful.

If you end up viewing a webpage you can add the text content of the website to
the conversation and you will forever be able to refernce the content of the
website in all of the conversations that are in that topic group

sometimes gpt need to add simplicity and step back to solve a problem instead
of adding complexity to solve a problem. it gets stuck in a loop like this
sometimes

Deep learning model to the for autocorrecting when the user writes prompts

possibly use two plugins for one query like one to get the data from some
website and one to generate something based off that website. ex: read
documentation and run code.

if you ask a question about something that you have asked about before, before
you answer it it will ask you if you want to bring in the context from
somewhere else

integrate a tool for sending get and post requests to api endpoints. So
basically the "Postman app" but the querys are generated by gpt.

A tool that alowed you to generate something longer then the character limit of
gpt. Basically a tool to help you generate in parts and we can expand this to
prompting as well, so that if you want to generate a graph for example and you
have a ton of data you can teach it that data in parts. Or more specifically
our system side prompting will take over and automatically feed all of that
data to the context behind the scenes.

put in the outlines to your essays as well as a list of sources, maybe provide
it a textbook and it will generate an essay for you maybe even more generally
you could provide it a way to build a certain type of essay.

You could create a grader block that would look for certain criteria and grade
the essay, possibly even scrape the sources of the essay automatically.

I came to a point when I was using gpt where I would have wanted to ask a
question which includes the conversation context I am currently In as well as
one that I was working on yesterday.

it could also maybe connect to your browser and understand your search
results/questions and provide itself with prompts you can ask it to answer your
question with gpt. So like a chrome extention connected to our app

right now when you use chat gpt you sometimes need to ask questions that it has
already answered but you dont want to try to have to find the conversation
again

Provide context of a large dataset (like a textbook) and it will scan your
large dataset for tokens that match your prompt or it will look in the
locations that you tell it to.

Sometimes gpt gets stuck in a loop where its base solution is incorrect and it
iterates on that solution, increasing its complexity when in reality the best
solution is to step back and consider new solutions

The prompting should have prompting in it. When you prompt chat gpt you mini
actions that you do to enhance your prompt. Maybe a list of mini actions you
can do on your prompt.

Graph like structure of everything that you use gpt for, different sections of
the graph represent different topics you use gpt for. 

As you zoom in you see more specific details of groups and topics of
conversations. 

As you zoom out you see more general topics and groups of conversations.

A tool for people to change the structure of how they are connected to human
information 

We can insert prompts in the background of the conversations saying a structure
for how to generate something, Ex: A venn diagram. then we can take the output
and generate the ven diagram ourselvs. 

You can create workflows that for example create worksheets based off a
specific textbook. this could be a great tool for teachers and students. kind
of like an ai bot structure.

you should be able to reuse bits of conversations that you have have in the
past or ones that you use often.

sometimes when you are learning with chatgpt you start with a question and a
broad goal of something you want to accomplish. 

You ask a question with the
intent of learning, and solving a problem that you maybe dont know that much
about yet you need to zoom into information and take a specific path through gpt to get the answer you want and understand the answer in the process. 
zooming into information would be an intuative way to do this.

Really good way to store and look at overview of conversations.

Block building system. 

Different workspaces with AI,s that had different purposes, different default history/contexts. 

Identity workspace threads

Copy and paste bits of context into new conversations

Not sure exactly how the block building system would work but that would really determine if its user friendly or not 

Generate .sh files for deployment with certain context about your filesystem

Possibly trie like structrure for a block. 


No like it doesn’t remember something I asked it a week ago about python when
I’m in the middle of a different conversation about math and I need to connect
those two ideas

I use gpt for random unorganized ideas, Feed in data, or personal thoughts that
are long and/or unorganized. Get out an organized and distilled version of what
I said

Have one single place where you will always use to search all information
because using the help of the bot you can search the internet faster and
easier. One super good prompt in the background. Basically people who use this platform 
will not have to think about if they will use google search or if they will use
our platform because our platform will be a better way to search

Information accuracy check algoritm, that will rate a website or found online
article based on the relyability of the information on the online resource and
it will check its responce against that database of information to check
accuracy

theres also a scraper in it so you can interact with it about website and view
them at the same time.

Project-x idea, 
Free for everyone, but after a certain amount of tokens you have to pay for more tokens or pay for a subscription.
Maybe you can provide your own gpt API token?
Buisnesses can pay to get a mindmap of all of the interactions that everybody in the buisness has with gpt API.

I want to make it so that no matter where you are or what you are asking with
gpt you always have the correct context passed in from your history.

WHEN DO I USE INTERNET:
When I need web tools, for example:

quadratic equations solver 
bulk resize images
bulk rename files

Let our tool recognize when to google search for tools like this.

show the browser somehow seemelessly within the conversation and allow some
type of management of this history of opened browser tabs. How does this work
in a RAM context meaning every time you open our app one session. If the
management of a current session of using gpt was good enough you could also use
our app to keep track of your tabs


Judah and I just had to transfer files between computers, i thought to look up "Transfer file over wifi online" what if gpt could tell you that things like that exist.

Lets say you have a GPT query and you get a responce. Imagine you could
annotate its reponse in a way and create a list of subqueries automatically
after its responce.
